Hey, don't go home, okay?
It's not safe.
Just buy new clothes.
No, why don't you always respond to me?
What do you want from me?
Indifference is response
We're all adults.
Do I have to pull my ears and tell you what works and what doesn't before I call it a response? There's always a reason
I don't want to be in a relationship.
Why am I a divorce lawyer?
I fight divorce cases every day
How do you expect me to believe that men marry men?
What's more, at your age?
Your life is just beginning
Why should I waste my time growing up with you?
Accompany you to see this world of intoxication and money
And watching you fall in love with girls younger, prettier and more capable than me
I'm going to watch you throw me away like trash
I know you're worried. Shouldn't you be?
Look at Liu Ying
Look at Wang Yimei again
Which of them was not very happy before?
What are you doing now?
What growing old together is bullshit
This is love.
That's marriage.
That's the reality.
What women want
Is eternity the only
Men want excitement.
It's novelty.
These two species were never meant to be together
But I'm not like that. There are exceptions to everything. Men are the same.
Well, I don't want to talk to you about these questions in vain.
You are still young and you don't understand
Let's just maintain a moderate relationship
Women can't screw you, you always have to get married and have children
Little Dragon Girl and Yang Guo
Who told you that women must get married and have children?
If a man can do it for you, I can consider you.
Be careful, am I?
Ok you come with me
I'll support you
Are you poisonous?
You show me go